Now that we've seen some of the basic Spring configuration and overall just
how to create and implement beans inside of our application,
let's go a little deeper and look at Spring scopes and autowiring,
specifically scopes of beans inside of our application.
They're a very important part of the bean lifecycle and will show
us how to use different things inside of our application and
implement behaviors regarding beans.
The scopes inside of our application usually are associated with patterns,
but they're not really the same thing.
They go hand in hand, but a scope does not equal a pattern.
Spring implements a lot of patterns for you,
which is good because it helps you avoid a lot of the common mistakes and
pitfalls made when implementing patterns on your own.
And if you aren't familiar with design patterns,
I really recommend watching my design pattern series on
the Java design patterns of behavioral, creational,
and structural patterns here on Pluralsight.
Let's dive a little deeper on the scopes and talk about which scopes are available to your application and which scenarios they tie into.